user have the option module Div
in the module div user have two screen first for desiging screen and preview screen.
on the desgining screen,all the desgining will maintain by bootstrap
user have six types of layout to design the div
layout 1 col [12]
layout 2 col [6,6]
layout 3 col [4,4,4]
layout 4 col [3,3,3,3]
layout 5 col [12,6,6]
layout 6 col [12,4,4,4]
other than that user have option to enter his details of cols and we need to desgin the div layout according to it.
user have the option to provide the shape of all the div by a dropdown like rounded, circle, square
user have the option to provide different colors to different divs. user can provide the gradient color to the divs.
user can maintain the space between the divs.
user can maintain the height and width in percentage or pixcel by default height and width of a div is 100 px
user can provide the border to the div.
user can provide the border color to the div.
in react js


create react app in which user have the option to desgin the button 
in the button module user have two screen first for desiging screen and preview screen.
on the desgining screen,
user can provide the name of the button
user can provide the shape of the button
user can provide the size of the button
user can provide the type of the button
user can provide the color to the button
user can provide the gradient color to the button.
for the gradient user have select box of what type of gradient user want like 
Linear Gradients (goes down/up/left/right/diagonally)
Radial Gradients (defined by their center)
Conic Gradients (rotated around a center point)
after that user have option to choose the color and direction set option
user can maintain the font size of the text in the button
user can provide the functionality of the button like user need the button
 to clear the data, need to redirect somewhere for that user need to provide the url



create the react app to set the background section
user have two screen first is the desgining screen and second is the preview screen
on the desgining screen user have
the choose type of section using antd select tag and user have color, gradient and image option by default color will select.
if user select the color option then user will get the select color value using html input tag type color.

if user select the gradient option then user will get the
number of gradient color its want
according to that show all input tag for select color value
user have the option to choose the gradient type in which have the all type of gradient features
if user choose the image then user will have all type of functionality to set the backgraound 
the purpose of this app to create a app who will designed the backgraound section.